mushira abb's son desperately needs an
inhaler to treat his asthma but AC chaza
strip medicines are becoming impossible
to
find there is no treatment not in the
hospital where the doctor writes a
prescription not at the pharmacy where
we went nor at the UN run school there
is no treatment my kid needs an inhaler
they do not have one children will
suffer until they die our children are
dying
slowly for Palestinians who have FL to
Gaza South the lack of adequate housing
and heating means families are forced to
live in tents or makeshift shelters and
as temperatures continue to drop
children are becoming more vulnerable to
noria honestly it's not just about food
and water we need treatments we want a
safe place for us for our children we
want heating there's no heating it's
cold 10 people in a tent and it's still
cold if one of my sons coughs the other
son will cough like him this is our
life doctors say they are all ill
equipped to handle the rising number of
patients especially
children the pediatric department here
has almost 1,000 illness cases every day
every day we lose a lot of children use
medicine shortages even simple medicines
that should exist in every hospital
clinic or Health
Center doctors can only offer simple
treatment
[Music]
we only have syrups but fever relief
antibiotics pain relief medicines
they're not available in the hospital we
treat children without
medicines according to the world health
organizations most of gaza's hospitals
have either stopped working or partially
functioning and hospitals like this one
are operating at three times its
capacity without adequate fuel or
medicines to treat the most vulnerable
victims tar abazo Al jazer Al Kuwaiti
hospital rafah Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer